{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10360\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The snowbird population consists primarily of baby boomers, adults born in the years following World War II. With the majority of snowbirds between the ages of 50 and 70, this generation is well-educated, financially secure, and active \'97 a solid foundation for the snowbird lifestyle of adventure and migration.\
\
Another snowbird demographic: many are Canadians. While most snowbirds alternate between two destinations within the United States, about 10% of snowbirds reside permanently outside of the United States. Nearly 80% of the international snowbirds actually come from Canada.\
\
Luxurious lake front homes in New Smyrna are drawing snowbirds with price tags around the $300,000 range.\
 \
While market researchers hunt for new niches of robust consumers and communities vie for educated, affluent residents, Florida has them and may not know it. They are the temporary residents known as snowbirds. Because official ties are often with other states, they elude Florida data catchers. Socioeconomic data available from a survey by the University of Florida\uc0\u146 s Bureau of Economic and Business Research reveal their characteristics and habits. The results are both expected and unexpected.\
\
\
About 10 percent of snowbirds live in a permanent location outside of the United States. Four out of five of those international snowbirds come from Canada.\
\
\
Texas residents prefer to call the snowbirds \'93winter Texans,\'94 and cater to them with specialized activities and entertainment.\
Snowbird bloggers are a pretty common thing. Just as young twenty-somethings blog about their travel adventures, so do the retired winter travelers. Of course, these blogs are mostly geared toward retirement-age readers.\'a0\
\
\
Snowbirds are lucky to have not just one set of friends, but TWO. Living in two different places throughout the year opens the door to more social encounters and naturally, more neighbors.\
\
\
You can bet there are hundreds of snowdogs and snowcats out there because even they like a vacation every once in a while. Although bringing a dog or cat along for the haul may limit rental options, many snowbirds choose to do so anyway.}